README.md, before:

# Fault Tolerant Control Using Reinforcement Learning

Using reinforcement learning to control hybrid systems under degradation. This repository contains code for the following papers:

1. Ahmed, I., Quiñones-Grueiro, M. and Biswas, G. (2020). Fault-Tolerant Control of Degrading Systems with On-Policy Reinforcement Learning. IFAC-PapersOnLine (under review).

## Project structure

* `tanks.py`: Definitions of the fuel tanks model and OpenAI `gym` environment classes for use in reinforcement learning.
* `utils.py`: Some function used in the notebook for data transformation, not relevant to theory.
* `plotting.py`: Functions for plotting graphs.
* `envs/`: Directory containing environment files for development/deployment with/without GPU packages.

## Usage

This repository depends on [Anaconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) to manage dependencies.

1. Install external dependencies:

    a. [Microsoft Visual Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#build-tools-for-visual-studio-2019) this is needed to compile the `Box2d-py` package needed for some OpenAI gym environments.

    b. [Microsoft MPI](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=57467) enables multi-processing and is used by some `stable-baselines` algorithms.

2. Install python dependencies

Anaconda environment files are located in the `envs/` directory. Files with suffix `_cpu` install libraries without GPU acceleration. Files with prefix `dev` do not install a couple of packages that I authored. Instead those packages should be placed in the same directory as this repository.

```
conda env create -f environment.yml     # GPU support for pyTorch/tensorflow
conda env create -f environment_cpu.yml 

# The dev_*.yml files assume other packages written by the author are already
# in PYTHONPATH. In the notebooks their paths are manually added.

conda env create -f dev.yml             # GPU support for pyTorch/tensorflow
conda env create -f dev_cpu.yml
```

3. Activate environment

```
conda activate rl
```

4. Run notebooks

```
jupyter notebook
```

Commit message:

Update README.md with linux prerequisites

README.md, after:

# Fault Tolerant Control Using Reinforcement Learning

Using reinforcement learning to control hybrid systems under degradation. This repository contains code for the following papers:

1. Ahmed, I., Quiñones-Grueiro, M. and Biswas, G. (2020). Fault-Tolerant Control of Degrading Systems with On-Policy Reinforcement Learning. IFAC-PapersOnLine (under review).

## Project structure

* `tanks.py`: Definitions of the fuel tanks model and OpenAI `gym` environment classes for use in reinforcement learning.
* `utils.py`: Some function used in the notebook for data transformation, not relevant to theory.
* `plotting.py`: Functions for plotting graphs.
* `envs/`: Directory containing environment files for development/deployment with/without GPU packages.

## Usage

This repository depends on [Anaconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) to manage dependencies.

1. Install external dependencies:

    a. Windows

        i. [Microsoft Visual Build Tools](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/#build-tools-for-visual-studio-2019) this is needed to compile the `Box2d-py` package needed for some OpenAI gym environments.

        ii. [Microsoft MPI](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=57467) enables multi-processing and is used by some `stable-baselines` algorithms.

    b. Linux
    
        i. Prerequisites for stable-baselines library. Run: `sudo apt-get install cmake libopenmpi-dev python3-dev zlib1g-dev`

2. Install python dependencies

Anaconda environment files are located in the `envs/` directory. Files with suffix `_cpu` install libraries without GPU acceleration. Files with prefix `dev` do not install a couple of packages that I authored. Instead those packages should be placed in the same directory as this repository.

```
conda env create -f environment.yml     # GPU support for pyTorch/tensorflow
conda env create -f environment_cpu.yml 

# The dev_*.yml files assume other packages written by the author are already
# in PYTHONPATH. In the notebooks their paths are manually added.

conda env create -f dev.yml             # GPU support for pyTorch/tensorflow
conda env create -f dev_cpu.yml
```

3. Activate environment

```
conda activate rl
```

4. Run notebooks

```
jupyter notebook
```
